ball strength maybe this is the cry of
battle parma what talks with the bodies
always what union in the field
those children just see the happiness of
playing soccer teach us to live
sport like
should be lived he is always smiling
put on by the 5 smiling he never is
I know him angry since kindergarten
have fun or winning but also late
some games that you are comfortable in a
always team from India to think
new football star news in the
football is like the emotion it allows
play a game without even better
so many poor if you live if you start from
here if they last last year we have
I need to watch two games after we are
gone to improve
Well
I go from the po
in conclusion
companions of which half of my neck
girlfriend here is a bale apulia
null is not a nice person and al
bullying are social networks when
people finally get over it
I said I have an idea I have it
already read for messaging social networks
crazy video calls with girls
ball like
paolo boring friends that is not talking from
soccer had kicked the ball the bully
it is a bale in the sense the ball is one thing
boring that can no longer be
these I do not speak to do better than
rationality elements was a
incredible experience excited